So friends welcome to the next
Information video hard that now
really do that more often
get information videos on the topic
league of legends the problems tournament
on the subject of some data is mine
of course that will also be clear on the
small page and not here then upload
I will leave you here alone
this theme is minecraft now
look in the background and have now
times a few topics for minecraft
prepared because I get a lot
ask what the minecraft publics or the
catching wireless server concerns us
Let's say the most common question was how
I come to your whitelist server because
I was then papic myself
and did not want that many anymore
let in because we have a lot of letters
had a lot of hackers and had
other therefore the trunk of the
man further server out and lexmark the
a few people you trust
so now you know that
At the moment I really have it at the time
image uploaded on facebook
whitelist member registration that's it
writes a comment under penalty
I will not do it this time
will run everything on the forum
about the some open forum resp
on the clear page it has nothing to do with it
i also do news again
I have to get the clan join around
the whitelist to come no, of course
not that's a shooter
at the same time in action
you have to look at it on the homepage
Registered is free of course
and then there's a minecraft picture
I will let a dazzle here
click on it or just in the forum ever
after how he wanted to get on it and
then you have a minecraft department
Of course you have to register one and
be logged in
and in the minecraft department
then somewhere whitelist registration there
you look it may look
what the others wrote and
then you do that after her you write
are if you already have home there because
we have made a new white read
because of inactivity we had, I think
200 users on the whitelist and ten
That 's why they played a new one
that means you have to go back then
Write on it you were already on the
old or you are not on the old one
you are new and then you wait
a few times that means few minutes
few days and then right on the
whitelist
is the same as before
nothing protests that means you can
but letters will be put out
but are directly banned so
just ignore it the next one
point means old app 152 we dare
but the whole time but think about it
we raushauen a new map
following reason the 162 has yes
horses added and we have none
horses found on the map we have
let all horse drill are
then someday disappeared and it has
just does not work for the reason
We wanted new 1.6 point two
match balls and you see it so that we
down there again the category 1 point 6
point 2 1 have beaten
or I have added
think about it will say nothing because
I want that now
we left the old one with where still
your village has what it is here in the
background sees where this pitbull
the village is still standing and we have
another 1.6.2010 or hold the
old ones do not bother anymore on the old one
map have a new start I also start there
personally new as soon as the shader
Updated because it's more fun for me
was with the tailor to gamble
I'm back to playing actively
there is a command you can also in
Read the description how you like it
it works
with / world map or nume app you can
switch between the maps
the net is not working yet
we still have to make new maps
so much for the topic two new maps old
and new ones are definitely still both
so do not be scared anyways
euerdorf has disappeared or something else
dynamic map I look here says two
insert pictures
I also have a link in the
description packed under the category
dynamic map is on the small page
somewhere on the left I believe in that
purchase sign
it's just a live map of one
live webpage from our web the
means you see everything you ask
has on the side that is if
staff ran very far away
but a house built there that you can
then see on the website
just a small point that you can
may be able to see where his
friends yes where your friends your house
have built because we have no
teleport we do not have any flies up
the service really one
like picture server without admin rights itself
Andy and I have the admin
Rights thus taken little on the
Idea come to go the game mode
that means there are no admin servers there
There are no idiots here mine
give me first game and breathe
probably one or the other
hacker will exist but that would be us
Stop it again sometime
come and you can definitely
you then click on the link then you
you see every time what the people
claims to have built both of them could Maps
see the new and the old so new maps
We'll just be instant
We already have skip over that
we go directly to letters and
hacker to the last point as well
just mentioned we have
no breath on the server means you
does not need to ask every time
breathe online who is online where is
An admin will pick you open , please
you go then as usual in the forum there
where you put you on the whitelist
have there is then even like this
whitelist login area is then too
Interference hacker area clicks her
just write it and write there already
you can just look at two entries
my house in the world eu dzb we have
the new world is called the old one
men means old map believes that means
world just write down
which world it happens is old or
new you can also write course
the coordinates are very important
where the house is what was checked and where
Then write something else became
that was it and then you go
or I 'll do it then
to breathe again over the console and
then look the city and train the
types and then do it again
Undo and the thing is then
Eaten so that were all the topics
if you have to ask, she writes
in the comments
I watch the video yet only if you
ask again for any questions
have you already answered and then
see what I would say on the
servers make it good